Skip to content
Create App
Import code or design
Home
Apps
Published apps
Integrations
Usage
Your Starter Plan
Your Starter plan usage limit has been exceeded.
Free Apps
1/10 created
Agent Usage
100% used
Install Replit on
Console
cd backend && npm install && npm start
cd dexplorer && npm install && npm run dev
cd frontend && npm install && npm run dev
Agent
Let's look at this thoroughly, I want to enable cross-chain features.

Pay attention to details, we can't update the GitHub workflow in the Replit environment because I won't be able to push it to GitHub so we document all changes we make here: GITHUB_WORKFLOW_FIXES.md

And we update the APEX Autonomous Deployment Yml here: docs/CORRECTED_apex-autonomous-deployment.yml

Consult with the Architect for final inspection

12 minutes ago
Let me first explore the codebase to understand the current cross-chain implementation, then consult with the Architect for strategic guidance.

Let me read the current deployment configuration files and the IBC implementation to understand the cross-chain architecture.

Let me check the frontend cross-chain implementation and understand what features need to be enabled.

I now have a comprehensive understanding of the situation. Let me consult with the Architect for strategic guidance on enabling cross-chain features.

I have a clear plan from the strategic analysis. Let me create the documentation files and update the corrected deployment configuration.

The file already exists with extensive content. Let me read the end of it and then append the cross-chain enablement section.

Now I'll append the cross-chain enablement section to both files:

Now let me update the corrected deployment YAML and the progress tracker:

Now let me update the replit.md with cross-chain information and get the Architect's final review:

Let me address the Architect's feedback by enhancing the documentation. I'll verify what was added and fill in any gaps:

Optimized Agent memory
I see the replit.md edit had some issues with the formatting. Let me fix that and then confirm everything is working:

Let me fix the malformed content at the end of replit.md:

All workflows are running. The cross-chain enablement documentation is complete. Here's a summary:

Cross-Chain Enablement Complete
I've created comprehensive documentation for enabling IBC (Inter-Blockchain Communication) on the Aequitas Protocol blockchain. Since we can't directly update GitHub Actions from Replit, all changes are documented in:

Updated Files
GITHUB_WORKFLOW_FIXES.md - Added section "BUILD #45+ FIX: CROSS-CHAIN ENABLEMENT" with:

Conditional IBC feature guard for Keplr chain.json (only claims ibc-transfer when channels are active)
Phase 6 Cross-Chain Enablement job (Hermes relayer setup, IBC creation)
RELAYER_MNEMONIC secret requirements and wallet setup instructions
Rollback procedures if issues occur
Monitoring commands for cross-chain health
docs/CORRECTED_apex-autonomous-deployment.yml - Added two new jobs:

enable-cross-chain: Installs Hermes, configures for Cosmos Hub + Osmosis, creates IBC clients/connections/channels
update-keplr-metadata: Only runs after IBC verification passes, updates chain.json with ibc-transfer feature
replit.md - Updated with cross-chain architecture documentation

Next Steps for You
Copy the corrected workflow from docs/CORRECTED_apex-autonomous-deployment.yml to your GitHub repository
Add RELAYER_MNEMONIC secret (24-word mnemonic for relayer wallet)
Fund the relayer wallet with REPAR, ATOM, and OSMO
Run the workflow with enable_cross_chain: true
After IBC channels show STATE_OPEN, the Keplr PR should pass
3 minutes ago
Add documentation for cross-chain functionality and workflow automation
Worked for 8 minutes
Upgrade to Core
You've reached your Starter usage limit. Upgrade to Core to make, launch, and scale your apps.
$25 Monthly credits for Replit Agent
Publish and host your apps
Access powerful models and more
Git
Remote Updates
CreoDAMO/REPAR
origin/main•upstream
last fetched 2 min ago
Nothing to pull or push
Commit
There are no changes to commit.
Agent
Agent can make changes, review its work, and debug itself automatically.
