Skip to content
Your Starter Plan
Your Starter plan usage limit has been exceeded.
Free Apps
1/10 created
Agent Usage
100% used
Install Replit on
In progress tasks
9 / 10
Successfully imported from Replit
I stopped you because the system start's automatically in Replit environment. Also I want you to analyze everything in this file's:
docs/auditor
docs/financials

I implemented mostly everything from the auditor folder, but I want you to analyze it and make sure nothing was left out. Anything left out let's add it in. I added:
Auditor
NFT Marketplace Enhancements
Aequitas Agentkit.

When we have completed auditor folder and files then we can complete financials

26 minutes ago
15 minutes ago
Expand security auditing system with new agents and CI/CD integration
11 minutes of work
Good now let's look at the NFT Marketplace Enhancements and Agentkit. Make sure nothing was left out from this file docs/auditor/Part-II-Building-Aequitas-Auditor.md

12 minutes ago
I'll analyze the Part-II documentation to extract all requirements for NFT Marketplace Enhancements and AgentKit. Let me search through the file:

Perfect! I can see exactly what needs to be implemented based on the documentation. Let me create comprehensive specifications and integration code for both the Aequitas AgentKit and NFT Marketplace Holographic Enhancements.

Now let me create the comprehensive specifications for both components. I'll start with the NFT Marketplace Enhancements:

Now let me create the Aequitas AgentKit specification:

Excellent! Now let me verify I haven't missed any components from the Part-II documentation by doing a final check:

Perfect! Now let me update the task list and call the architect to review all the work:

Now let me call the architect to review all the completed work:

The architect found critical issues. I need to fix them before marking tasks as complete. Let me address the two problems:

Make PostgreSQL mandatory (remove JSON fallback)
Implement automated PR creation (currently missing)
Let me read the file to find the exact string:

Now I'll fix both critical issues:

Let me read the beginning of the file to see the imports:

Now let me add the imports and create the automated PR creation functionality:

Now let me add the automated PR creation method. First, let me find a good place to add it:

Now let me add the automated PR creation method:

Now I need to integrate the PR creation into the audit flow. Let me find the run_full_audit method and add the PR creation call:

Now let me add the PR creation call to the audit flow:

Let me read and update the requirements file:

Perfect! The requirements are already there. Now let me update the progress tracker and call the architect to review the fixes:

The architect found more critical issues. Let me fix them:

Remove the _fallback_json_ledger() method completely
Fix the patch structure so it includes actual code changes
Now let me fix these issues completely:

Let me continue reading the engineer_guild to see the full return structure:

3 minutes ago
Enhance auditing tools and document NFT marketplace features
9 minutes of work
Working..

Preview
Preview your app here
The app is currently not running.
to see the results of your app.
Console
Assistant
Chats
Archived
Fixing console errors
just now
Can you help me fix the errors in the console

BN

blackonamics25
Assistant
just now
Looking at the console errors, I can see the issue: the application is trying to import react-icons/fi but this package is not installed in your frontend dependencies.

The errors show:

Failed to resolve import "react-icons/fi" from "src/pages/AgentKit.jsx"
Failed to resolve import "react-icons/fi" from "src/components/ai/AgentFactory.jsx"
Let me install the missing package:

After installation, the frontend should reload automatically and the errors should be resolved. The react-icons package provides the FiCpu, FiTarget, FiDollarSign, FiActivity, FiCheckCircle, and FiClock icons that are being imported in your AgentKit components.

Assistant mode

advanced
Claude 4.5 Sonnet

Ask Assistant, use @ to include specific files...
Agent
Agent can make changes, review its work, and debug itself automatically.