Skip to content
Your Starter Plan
Your Starter plan usage limit has been exceeded.
Free Apps
1/10 created
Agent Usage
100% used
Install Replit on
Preview
/

Console
Successfully imported from Replit
I'll help you complete the import migration. Let me first check the current state of the project and logs to understand what needs to be done.

Checked system logs
I can see the workflows are failing because the dependencies aren't installed. Let me check the project structure and install the missing packages.

Now I'll install the missing dependencies for all three directories:

23 seconds of work
I'm not worried about the Replit workflows, they just need the dependencies installed.

The real issue is the GitHub workflow for building the Blockchain. If you look through the attached_asstes folder and docs you will see all that has been done to fix many errors. The good thing is we have fixed 90% of the errors, we are down to the last 10%.

I think we need to take our time and thoroughly analyze the issues then fix the problem. These are the current errors from GitHub

1 hour ago
I understand. Let me first quickly install the dependencies for the Replit workflows, then I'll focus on thoroughly analyzing the blockchain build errors.

Opened attached_assets directory
Opened docs directory
Now let me examine the blockchain build errors and the documentation:

Let me look at the most recent error logs to see the specific current errors:

I can see the issues clearly now. Let me analyze the GitHub workflow and the current state:

Now I see the root issue! Let me check the codec files to understand the problem:

Perfect! Now I understand the problem. The GitHub workflow at line 103-118 is deleting essential files including codec.go which contains RegisterInterfaces! These codec files are manually written and required. Let me now create a comprehensive fix:

Now I have a clear picture! Let me create a comprehensive fix plan and implement it:

Now let me fix the GitHub workflow:

Great! Now let me fix the actual code issues. Let me start by examining and fixing the problematic files:

Let me read the proto files to understand the correct structure:

Now let me fix all the issues systematically:

I need to fix the import statements - they should be at the top of the file, not inside functions:

Let me check the LSP errors to see what went wrong:

Checked code issues
I see - the proto files haven't been generated locally yet, so LSP can't resolve the types. This is expected. The GitHub workflow will generate them. My fix to the workflow (removing the deletion of codec.go files) is the critical change.

Let me now fix the remaining code issues and create a comprehensive summary. Let me update the task list:

Now let me add the missing helper methods:

Let me add the missing helper methods by creating new helper files:

Let me read and fix the nftmarketplace codec.go properly, then fix the validator subsidy issue:

Let me fix the critical remaining issues and wrap up with comprehensive documentation:

Now let me update the task list and create comprehensive documentation:

Now let me create comprehensive documentation and update the progress tracker:

Now let me restart the Replit workflows and finalize:

Checked system logs
Great! Frontend is running. Let me restart the other workflows:

Excellent! All workflows are running. Now let me finalize the task and get architect review:

Now let me call the architect for a final review of all changes:

Task
Review blockchain build fixes for GitHub Actions, verifying workflow, helper methods, keeper updates, and absence of regressions.

Thought for 1 minute
Result
Build failures resolved by correcting workflow and adding helper methods. Pagination callback fix is still needed. The core workflow change is sound, and helper additions do not conflict with protobuf generation.

Excellent catch by the architect! Let me fix the pagination callback signature:

Ready to share? Publish this App in a few clicks.
Autoscale
Primary URL
repar-pullrequest2025
.replit.app
58 minutes ago
Resolve build failures in the blockchain workflow
9 minutes of work
These are the only errors left

47 minutes ago
44 minutes ago
Fix issues that prevent users from logging in to their accounts
3 minutes of work
I'm not frustrated but I am confused, it seems like when we fix errors we create more errors let's ask the Architect for a solution we need to narrow down the errors as much as possible. This way fixing the final errors won't create new ones

32 minutes ago
You're absolutely right - let me consult the Architect to get a clear strategy for resolving these errors without creating new ones.

Task
Strategize manual vs proto-generated file creation, resolve 29 LSP errors, and fix build conflicts for a clean GitHub Actions build.

Thought for 29 seconds
Result
Adopted proto-first regeneration, removing duplicate types, reinstating essential helpers, and fixing keeper/module glue for clean builds under Cosmos SDK v0.54.0.

Perfect! The Architect gave us a clear strategy. Let me execute this systematically:

Strategy: Proto-First Cleanup
Key Insight: Manual files defining proto message structs must be deleted. Only keep helper files with business logic.

$ find aequitas/x/*/types -name "query.go" -type f
30 minutes ago
Fix repeated type declarations and other compilation errors
1 minute of work